S.D
We call the distance of an observation from its mean its deviation

Variance
If we square these deviations and then take an average, the result is about equal to the sample variance

Sampling Distribution:
Suppose that we draw all possible samples of size n from a given population. Suppose further that we compute a
 statistic (e.g., a mean, proportion, standard deviation) for each sample. The probability distribution of this
 statistic is called a sampling distribution.
The sampling distribution represents the distribution of the point estimates based on samples of a ?xed size from 
a certain population

A parameter is a characteristic of a population. A statistic is a characteristic of a sample

Standard Error:
The deviation of the sample mean from the actual mean.It is the standard deviation of the sampling distribution
 of the mean.
The standard deviation associated with an estimate is called the standard error.
It describes the typical error or uncertainty associated with the estimate.


Estimate:
we say that the sample mean X is an estimator of the population mean m and the computed value x of X is an
 estimate of m. ... Try to see the difference between an estimator and an estimate.
 An estimator is a random variable and an estimate is a number (that is the computed value of the estimator).

Confidence Interval:


What does a 95% confidence interval mean?
If repeated samples were taken and the 95% confidence interval was computed for each sample, 95% of the intervals
 would contain the population mean. A 95% confidence interval has a 0.95 probability of containing the population mean. 
95% of the population distribution is contained in the confidence interval.

Bootstrapping:
Bootstrapping is a type of resampling where large numbers of smaller samples of the same size are repeatedly drawn, 
with replacement, from a single original sample.
This technique allows estimation of the sampling distribution of almost any statistic using random sampling methods.

How it is different from others:


Advantages of Bootstrap:
 A great advantage of bootstrap is its simplicity. ... 
Although for most problems it is impossible to know the true confidence interval, bootstrap is asymptotically more 
accurate than the standard intervals obtained using sample variance and assumptions of normality.